Adding documentation for type Time (#240)
MobilityData/gbfs: gbfs.md

* Object - A JSON element consisting of key-value pairs (fields).
* Boolean - One of two possible values, `true`or `false`. Boolean values must be JSON booleans, not strings (i.e. `true` or `false`, not `"true"` or `"false"`). *(as of v2.0)*
* Date - Service day in the YYYY-MM-DD format. Example: `2019-09-13` for September 13th, 2019.

> * Time - Service time in the HH:MM:SS format. Example: `21:20:02` or `01:58:00`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Time - Service time in the HH:MM:SS format for the time zone indicated in system_information.json (00:00:00 - 47:59:59). Time can stretch up to one additional day in the future to accommodate situations where, for example, a system was open from 11:30pm - 11pm the next day (i.e. 23:30:00-47:00:00).
```
